doc: Add custom image reference (#89)
canonical/maas-terraform-modules: docs/How-to guides/how_to_expose_maas_api_externally_on_lxd.md

This document describes how to expose the MAAS API externally when deploying on a LXD cloud when using a private internal network, for example an [OVN network](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/default/reference/network_ovn/). This is the case for deployments on MicroCloud.

If you are deploying on a LXD cloud with a private internal network, you will need to setup a network forward to access the MAAS API externally on the uplink network. This is because the MAAS API will only be accessible from within the private network by default, but you likely want to access the API from the uplink network as well. For cases where a virtual IP address is used to access MAAS, you will also need to reserve the VIP on your private network to ensure no other machines are assigned it. Follow this guide before running your `maas-deploy` unit if you want to ensure IP address reservation of a virtual IP address.

### Reserve the VIP

> If you are specifying a `virtual_ip` for MAAS in the `maas-deploy` unit, you must ensure that the IP is reserved in your LXD cloud.

Reviewer: Sorry for my previous white space issues every time, this isn't the first time I've seen this on previous docs I've initially authored, we should make this part of the linting checks in the future

> ```
> Replace `UPLINK` with your actual uplink network name.

For more details on network forwards on LXD, see [the docs](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/latest/howto/network_forwards/).

### Uploading custom images

> You can now login to your MAAS instance with the `virtual_ip`, for example [this cli setup guide](https://canonical.com/maas/docs/how-to-get-maas-up-and-running#p-9034-cli-setup)

Reviewer: Nit: This doc was written for someone doing a network forward, not necessarily always using the HA setup with `virtual_ip`, so the forwarded IP could be one of their regions. Maybe reference this more generically:

```suggestion
You can now login to your MAAS instance using your forwarded IP as the `MAAS_URL`, as outlined in [this cli setup guide](https://canonical.com/maas/docs/how-to-get-maas-up-and-running#p-9034-cli-setup)
```

Also this link is going to break this week, just a reminder to ourselves to change this

You will need sufficient resources to meet the `packer-maas` [prerequisites](https://github.com/canonical/packer-maas/blob/main/README.md#prerequisites).

You can [build and upload your desired image](https://canonical.com/maas/docs/how-to-build-custom-images)

> > **Note:** When uploading through HAProxy:

Reviewer: This does not render as the other notes do: 

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> When uploading through HAProxy:
```

>

> > * Connections are sticky by default

Reviewer: Have you considered putting this note on sticky connections anywhere nearer to where a user first interacts with haproxy, purely for visibility? It's relevant to all haproxy setups instead of being specific to microcloud

> > * A client will continue to connect to the same backend server unless that server becomes unavailable

Reviewer: As you mention this case, what is the user expected to do if this happens? I'm guessing a re-upload?

> then continue with further operations.

Reviewer: Nit: you can probably just combine this with the sentence above the note and put the note last

> ```
> Replace `UPLINK` with your actual uplink network name.

For more details on network forwards on LXD, see [the docs](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/latest/howto/network_forwards/).

### Uploading custom images

<!-- TODO, Update this link after we move items -->

You can now login to your MAAS instance using your forwarded IP as the `MAAS_URL`, as outlined in [this cli setup guide](https://canonical.com/maas/docs/how-to-get-maas-up-and-running#p-9034-cli-setup)

You will need sufficient resources to meet the `packer-maas` [prerequisites](https://github.com/canonical/packer-maas/blob/main/README.md#prerequisites).

You can [build and upload your desired image](https://canonical.com/maas/docs/how-to-build-custom-images)

> > [!NOTE] When uploading through HAProxy:

Reviewer: Still not rendering on gh, new line required
